Add spec for governance token staking from general account and locked rewards counting towards staking balance (#2350)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0059-STKG-simple_staking_and_delegating.md

- Unassociated: The tokenholder is free to do with the token as they want, but cannot nominate it
- Associated: The token is locked in the staking and delegation smart contract and associated to a Vega key. It can be used on the Vega chain for governance and it can be nominated to a validator.

> Governance tokens locked in the "LOCKED_FOR_STAKING" account count as associated with the VEGA key of the party controlling the account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Governance tokens that have been transferred into the "LOCKED_FOR_STAKING" account count as associated with the VEGA key of the party controlling the account.
```

- Unassociated: The tokenholder is free to do with the token as they want, but cannot nominate it
- Associated: The token is locked in the staking and delegation smart contract and associated to a Vega key. It can be used on the Vega chain for governance and it can be nominated to a validator.

> Governance tokens locked in the "LOCKED_FOR_STAKING" account are associated with a VEGA key. To stake these locked governance tokens, the party must delegate them to one or more validators. When tokens are transferred in or out of the "LOCKED_FOR_STAKING" account, the keys associated with the tokens will be unassociated and associated to the new keys accordingly. However, the validator to whom the tokens were delegated will remain unchanged unless the new token owner decides to change the validator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Governance tokens locked in the "LOCKED_FOR_STAKING" account count as associated with the VEGA key of the party controlling the account.
To stake these locked governance tokens, the party must delegate them to one or more validators.

When governance token balance is transferred out of the "LOCKED_FOR_STAKING" account, the key's balance of associated token will be reduced accordingly and the staking balances removed from validators.
```

Once Vega is aware of locked tokens, the users will have an [account](./0013-ACCT-accounts.md#staking-accounts) with the balance reflecting how many tokens were locked. At this point, the user can submit a transaction to stake (delegate) their tokens. The amount they stake must be `<= balance`, naturally.

> Any rewards paid in governance tokens that are locked should be included in the same [account].

Reviewer: What does this mean?

Reviewer: Also we'd want ACs for locked rewards.
